
---
## Software Design and Engineering Enhancement
For my software engineering enhancement I chose to use a old artifact I had previously created for my data structures and algorithms class that was a simple C# application that managed a list of names. I took that artifact and converted it from a C# application to a web application that was primarily developed using python for the backend logic and javascript for the frontend logic along with the use of the django framework. I also packaged the whole project into a docker container for easy deployment and ability to share the project with others. The addition of containerizing the project using docker also made it much easier to setup the database due to being able to run both the frontend and backend environment in the same container and djangos built in database management plugins. The real enhancement came from the conversion of a simple .Net to a full web application due to visual enhancements that allowed for a much better user experience along with the ability to run the application on any machine that had docker installed. The visuall enhancements can largely be attributed to djangos built in templating engine that allowed me with the use of reactjs to create static reactice single page application that interacted with the backend through api calls. The use of djangos built in administration panel allowed me to quickly setup a easy way for the owner to access and manage the client information that was stored in the database. The choice to only allow for client information to be edited and deleted was a design and security choice. By only allowing for apppointment information to be added or deleted from the main site, this limited the chances for accidental data loss while also helping declutter the main user page considering that editing user information would be a rare occurance. Overall this enhancement showcases my ability to take simple concept and build upon it to create a useful tool that can be used by a local or small business to manage their clients and appointments in a secure way.

The original artifact can be found here: <a href="https://github.com/AnthonyEllis06/project2">Original Software Engineering Artifact</a>


<a href="/2025/12/13/software-engineering.html">Software Design & Engineering Deep Dive</a>