## Professional Self-Assessment
I have made this project as an attempt to show my mastery in the three key categories of my computer science degree, software engineering, databases, and data structures and algorithms. The goal of this project was to build an appointment management system for a local beauty parlor/lash salon owned and operated single owner needing help organizing her appointments. This whole idea from the beginning felt like an insurmountable goal that only time could decide if it was even possible for me, due greatly to knowledge. My understanding of different types of frameworks has grown so much that I have enough knowledge to have a preference of frameworks for different applications. My choice for building the project was defined by the degree capstone standards. I chose to use 2 separate artifacts I had from previous classes that I could use as base plates to help me design and build this idea. I chose to use GitHub as my publishing source and docker as my container to be able to share this project with others and purposely kept the base naming convention very vague to allow for easy reuse. I used wireframe designs in conjunction with video conference calls to evaluate the best solution for the owner. We decided to go with a simple design that would run on a local machine such as a small computer or raspberry pi that would host the application and allow the owner to schedule appointments and retain customer data in secure way. By hosting the application on a local machine and then connecting to it, this keeps the client’s information such as name and phone number secure and off the open web. This solution is also intended to be a future endpoint for a client-side appointment scheduling website. Ultimately this project has led me to have a bit of direction in that I would like to pursue a career in application development and while this project specifically showcases a web application, I would like to work in all types of application development environments.