
---
There are three main enhancements that I would like to highlight between the original artifact and the enhanced version that I believe best showcase my software engineering skills. The first enhancement is the conversion from a simple C# application that was not web based and required the user to have visual studio installed to be able to run the application to complete Django web application inside of a docker container, easily accessible through a web browser. The choice to create the application as a web application was largely influenced by the necessity for easy access by the owner. I also built the whole application with the idea of containerization in mind to allow for easy deployment and sharing of the project. The second enhancement that I would like to highlight is the change in the user experience, due to this being run in a container and being web based it can be run on a single machine and setup to be accessed by multiple devices on the same local network. The third enhancement I would like to highlight is the use of Django's built in admin page that is generated by the django framework using the models created for the database, this in conjunctions with dockers ability to run both the frontend and backend in teh same container made it very easy to setup the postgresql database after my initial development was completed. I am very glad that this section was the first section for enhancements because it really let me focus on defining the whole project, this is due to defining the foundational structure was my greatest challenge during the development of this project. I had to determine early on what frameworks I would incorporate and what derivative frameworks I would have to learn. An example would be building a full MEAN stack version of the application however I would need to design a more complex model view controller architecture and learn express and angular and node.js all while also learning how to connect the backend to the database. Therefore while doing research into possible foundation frameworks I came across django and it's built in features made it an all in one solution that would take care of the backend and front end logic. The use of django also allowed me to use static react templates that I could incorporate my data structure logic into. 